en: add notes for v1.1 (#34)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/notes-tidb-operator-v1.1.md

| Drainer | [tidb-drainer chart](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/master/charts/tidb-drainer) |
| Importer | [tikv-importer chart](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/master/charts/tikv-importer) |

- The tidb-cluster chart will continue to be released, but no new feature is added, such as the component TLS (now partially supported), auto-scaling of TiKV and TiDB.

- If you deploy your TiDB cluster by TiDB Operator (v1.0.0 <= version < v1.1), after TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can still upgrade and manage your TiDB cluster by tidb-cluster chart v1.1.

## The components and features managed by tidb-cluster chart are switched to services fully supported by TiDB Operator v1.1

In TiDB Operator v1.1, you can still manage your cluster using Helm and the tidb-cluster chart. Since new features are not added to tidb-cluster chart, you can contribute new features for tidb-cluster chart by yourself, or switch to services that are full supported by TiDB Operator v1.1.

This section describes how to switch your components and features to services in TiBD Operator v1.1.

### Discovery

> The Discovery service is generated in TiDB Operator. No configuration from the user is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Discovery service is generated by TiDB Operator automatically. No configuration from the user is required.
```

### Pump

After TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can modify the TidbCluster CR and add the configuration of Pump. You can then manage the Pump component using TidbCluster CR.

``` yaml
spec
  ...
  pump:
    baseImage: pingcap/tidb-binlog
    version: v3.0.11
    replicas: 1
    storageClassName: local-storage
    requests:
      storage: 30Gi
    schedulerName: default-scheduler
    config:
      addr: 0.0.0.0:8250
      gc: 7
      heartbeat-interval: 2
```

You can modify `version`, `replicas`, `storageClassName`, `requests.storage` and other configurations according to the needs of your cluster.

> **Note:**
>
> The way TiDB Operator renders resources is different from that of Helm. If you migrate configurations from `tidb-cluster chart values.yaml` to TidbCluster CR, the Pump component might be rolling updated.

### Scheduled Backup

After TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can configure scheduled full backup using BackupSchedule CR:

> - If the TiDB cluster version < 3.1,refer to [Scheduled backup using mydumper](backup-to-s3.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the TiDB cluster version < v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using mydumper](backup-to-s3.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)
```

> - If the TiDB cluster version >= 3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using BR](backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the TiDB cluster version >= v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using BR](backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)
```

``` yaml
spec
  ...
  pump:
    baseImage: pingcap/tidb-binlog
    version: v3.0.11
    replicas: 1
    storageClassName: local-storage
    requests:
      storage: 30Gi
    schedulerName: default-scheduler
    config:
      addr: 0.0.0.0:8250
      gc: 7
      heartbeat-interval: 2
```

You can modify `version`, `replicas`, `storageClassName`, `requests.storage` and other configurations according to the needs of your cluster.

> **Note:**
>
> The way TiDB Operator renders resources is different from that of Helm. If you migrate configurations from `tidb-cluster chart values.yaml` to TidbCluster CR, the Pump component might be rolling updated.

### Scheduled Backup

After TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can configure scheduled full backup using BackupSchedule CR:

- If the TiDB cluster version < v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using mydumper](backup-to-s3.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)
- If the TiDB cluster version >= v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using BR](backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)

> **Note:**
>

> > - Currently, with BackupSchedule CR, you can only back up data to S3 and GCS using mydumper, and back up data to S3 using BR. If your scheduled full backup sends data to local Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) before upgrade, it cannot switch to management by CR after upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Currently, with BackupSchedule CR, you can back up data only to S3 and GCS using Mydumper, and back up data to S3 using BR. If you perform the scheduled full backup sends data to local Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) before the upgrade, you cannot switch to the CR management by after the upgrade.
```

> > - If you switch to management by CR, to avoid repeated backup, delete the Cronjob of the former scheduled full backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If you switch to management by CR, to avoid repeated backup, delete the Cronjob of the previous scheduled full backup.
```

### Drainer

- If Drainer is not deployed before TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can deploy Drainer as in [Deploy multiple drainers](maintain-tidb-binlog.md#deploy-multiple-drainers).

> - If Drainer is already deployed before TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, it is recommended to manage Drainer using kubectl.

Reviewer 2: This is not the latest version. Please check [TiDB Operator v1.1 重要注意事项](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/blob/master/zh/notes-tidb-operator-v1.1.md#drainer) and update.

Author: updated.

### TiKV Importer

- If TiKV Importer is not deployed before TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can deploy TiKV Importer as in [Deploy TiKV Importer](restore-data-using-tidb-lightning.md#deploy-tikv-importer).

> - If TiKV Importer is already deployed before TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, it is recommended to manage TiKV Importer using kubectl.

Reviewer 2: Please translate the [missing part](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/blob/master/zh/notes-tidb-operator-v1.1.md#%E5%85%B6%E4%BB%96%E7%94%B1-chart-%E7%AE%A1%E7%90%86%E7%9A%84%E7%BB%84%E4%BB%B6%E6%88%96%E8%80%85%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD%E5%88%87%E6%8D%A2%E5%88%B0-v11-%E6%94%AF%E6%8C%81%E7%9A%84%E6%96%B9%E5%BC%8F) in the following section.

> **Note:**
>
> The way TiDB Operator renders resources is different from that of Helm. If you migrate configurations from `tidb-cluster chart values.yaml` to TidbCluster CR, the Pump component might be rolling updated.

### Scheduled Backup

After TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can configure the scheduled full backup using BackupSchedule CR:

- If the TiDB cluster version < v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using mydumper](backup-to-s3.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)
- If the TiDB cluster version >= v3.1, refer to [Scheduled backup using BR](backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md#scheduled-full-backup-to-s3-compatible-storage)

> **Note:**
>
> - Currently, with BackupSchedule CR, you can back up data only to S3 and GCS using Mydumper, and back up data to S3 using BR. If you perform the scheduled full backup and send data to local Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) before the upgrade, you cannot switch to the CR management after the upgrade.
> - If you switch to the CR management, to avoid repeated backup, delete the Cronjob of the previous scheduled full backup.

### Drainer

> - If Drainer is not deployed before TiDB Operator is upgraded to v1.1, you can deploy Drainer as in [Deploy multiple drainers](deploy-tidb-binlog.md#deploy-multiple-drainers).

Reviewer 2: Is the [Deploy multiple drainers](deploy-tidb-binlog.md#deploy-multiple-drainers) link available? Please check.

Author: `maintain-tidb-binlog.md` is changed to `deploy-tidb-binlog.md` in #53(unmerged), so the CI check fails.
